On the latest Masters in Business
podcast, I sit down with Jeff Chang.
He's co-founder and president of Vest.
They are a firm that specializes in
defined outcome investing buffered ETFs.
They try and remove the uncertainty of
outcomes of your investing by using
options and derivatives to come up with
very very specific products. I thought
our conversation was fascinating and I
think you will also. With no further
ado, my podcast with Jeff Chang.
Jeff Chang, welcome to Bloomberg.
>> Great to be here and thanks for having
me.
>> Well, thank you so much for coming. I
I'm kind of always fascinated by people
who have unusual or diverse backgrounds.
uh you in particular, US Naval Academy
and then an MBA from Georgetown. Is that
right? What what was the original career
plan?
>> Um so I grew up in Annapolis. Uh the
original career plan was uh to be you
know be part of the Navy and uh
unfortunately I got medically discharged
for uh for asthma and then uh then
decided to pursue more of a business uh
uh path and that's what kind of led me
to to Georgetown and then after
Georgetown I uh actually right after I
actually always wanted to start my own
company. Right. In fact this is kind of
a funny thing. Most people don't know
this. Uh I've never actually said this.
When I first started, I actually started
a uh flat screen TV company in 2012,
OEMing them from China.
>> Uh, and do you remember back in the day
like flat screen TVs used to be like 25?
>> Yeah. When they first came out, they
were crazy.
>> Yeah. So, I was in DC uh selling those.
In fact, uh I remember selling TVs to
Reagan National Airport. So, when you
like look at what terminal you are back
in the early 2000s, those were Jeff
Chang uh TVs that were there.
>> Um I think another client was Six Flags.
like when you uh
>> the weight how long the weight is.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Uh but
then you know as TVs became further and
further down like I was like hey that's
not the business I want to be in.
>> All commoditized. Why do you want to be
that?
>> Um yeah all commoditized. So I it taught
me a lot about uh starting a business on
you know that and about life is that I
realized that I needed actual hard
skills that that created a um you know
value ad. And also the other component
was I I also realized that doing like
accounting books I didn't pay too much
attention in accounting. Uh so I
actually uh for six months went and
studied for the CPA exam and took the
CPA exam to be accounting
>> which was actually a twofold um uh kind
of reason I think uh one of my mentors
uh once told me is that like hey there
there is um for the better word there's
FU money and FU skills
>> right? um you don't have that money. So,
make sure you've built skills in which
you're not always beholdened to other
people. And if you thought about it that
you know the two guaranteed things in
life is death and taxes,
>> right?
>> Uh and so in my uh head was I didn't
want to be an undertaker but I could
take the CPA exam and assure that
>> participate in taxes.
>> Exactly. Exactly.
>> A growth industry.
>> So that was the reason why I took the
CPA exam was that like hey I know I
would never starve. uh because you know
after the failure of my first firm I was
like hey uh there's you always have to
have at least a safety net and that also
uh informed me that when I started a new
company accounting is actually extremely
important uh when you're starting a a
firm or even a starter for that matter
and it actually came uh to pass that
that has been a very very important part
of of my career path as well. So, so
it's certainly a useful set of skills,
>> but I'm going to assume the first
business didn't fail because of bad
accounting. Yeah.
>> It's just a hyper competitive market
with razor thin margins and as stuff
>> as economies of scale came out. That's
right. The market just dies for that.
>> Yeah. And that really informed me is
that you have to have an edge. I I I
think um over the 13 years of founding
this company, I noticed that there were
actually key features that I noticed
even going through Y Combinator, my
classmates and people that built very
successful companies, they had very
common um characteristics for their
success, right? Um in fact, I I had
Asian parents. They optimized for
intelligence, which was very uh you
know, you get straight A's, you play the
violin or the piano, and you kind of go
through that. They're optimizing for Ivy
League admission is what you're you're
implying.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Um and or be a doctor
for that matter.
>> This so different from Jewish parents.
>> Exact. So it was uh and then as kind of
over the years I realized that the
optimization like if you know when I
have kids um because you know I I don't
have kids at least none that I know of
but if I did I would optimize for
actually number one is grit like that
and that grit is the not giving up like
like you know your company fails what's
the next thing like you you know you
pick up yourself from your bootstraps
and you you you get up and go it's
almost like the thing is like as an
example my let me play video games,
right?
>> But uh I realized video games actually
if if you introduce grit like you know
if you play Call of Duty like I was the
guy that when I play Call of Duty in my
20s I would buy the the headphones that
would let me hear whether or not
someone's behind me because whatever it
takes to win like that type of you ever
see that kid that does not want to lose
that like fails but then gets up and
figures out a way to win that is grit
and I
>> that resilience is more important than
anything else. And then the second is I
realized that nothing in this world can
be done alone. That success requires you
to have partnerships, friendships, and
know people that uh can help build great
things. Great things don't come by
yourself. And that's what uh I think
second is influence. Your ability to uh
let people see your dream and believe in
your dream. Think about this like if
you're starting a company, not just
selling your product requires influence.
like convincing your first investors,
your first employees to quit their jobs,
their highpaying jobs, to make almost
nothing and take equity. That's talk
about like selling a dream. That's
influence. Like think about, you know,
some of the greatest entrepreneurs out
there. They you probably heard like
Steve Jobs as a reality distortion
field. You know what that is? That's
influence, right? That is uh one of the
key things I think when when you're
looking at business influence is such a
a key thing of of something that uh
required to have success because like I
said nothing in the world is done alone.
This third which comes back to my point
is creativity. the ability to spot
things that other people don't see,
right? Um to basically be uh to see
opportunity, to see things, to combine
things together and have that
opportunity. Then the last if you
combine it is intelligence. If you do
all four and I can give you examples of
people are immensely successful just
with grit.
>> Uh and by the way, it's in that order.
Influence uh uh grit, influence, um
creativity and lasses intelligence. So,
so I wanna I want to stop you there for
a sec because I want to spend time going
over why combinator I want to talk about
vest, but before we get there, I
mentioned the Naval Academy. You have
such an unusual background. Um, talk a
little bit about what your experiences
were like at places like Freddy Mack,
the World Bank, FBR, and ProShares.
That's such a diverse
>> uh set of experiences. What did you take
away from that life experience and and
how did that ultimately lead you to
launching your own firm?
>> Yeah, so I could tell you one of the
best things about what the military
teaches you is not just teamwork and
looking after the people next to you and
um really making a commitment. Uh but
there's also another thing is work
ethic. Like I I could tell you that I'm
a morning person. I I didn't grow up a
morning person, but it's like 5:00 a.m.
I'm up. And And the funny thing is my
girlfriend's a night person. She's like,
"How are you like spritly at 5:30?" And
I was like, "That is actually learned
behavior, right?" So that was like kind
of the first thing of of learning grit.
um and and you know tackling the day
early on making your bed things those
small things in life I think had been
really uh I'd say important and and uh
you know kind of keystone in in that
process. The second uh is actually when
I first started my first uh job at the
World Bank after trying to start my
company I had to translate uh fi uh
energy companies in China and I had two
problems. Number one was I didn't my
Chinese wasn't good enough
>> and secondly my accounting wasn't good
enough hence the CPA came in I was like
at least I got to learn one and then I
cut over to Freddy Mack and if you
remember during the 2002 2003 time frame
is when Freddy Mack went into
restatement
>> so as a certified public accountant I
was extremely uh sought after at that
time uh so I worked at Freddy Mack and I
realized that I really wanted to I read
Liars Poker
>> uh
>> uh by Michael Lewis and I realized that
I hey I really wanted to trade
mortgages. So I started uh to uh take
>> which by the way he said he is horrified
because he thought this was a cautionary
tale and all it did was encourage more
people to do that.
>> Totally. Totally reading that book
really uh made me want to be uh you know
what he said in the book big swinging
right like everybody uh it was just a
such a a fun story. It almost painted
Wall Street in a specific way, but it
was just the interesting part. And and
by the way, it also got me into reading
Fabosi about fixed income uh about the
mortgage market and and then uh I wanted
to be a trader. So, you know, I studied
for the CFA exam. I got my um uh CFA
charter. I I didn't know that would lead
me to over a decade of teaching CFA,
right?
>> Um but that was really fun to do that
and kind of give back. Uh but so trading
mortgages uh Freddy and then FPR I got
to trade during 2008. I got to have a
front row seat to uh seeing um the you
know Bear Sterns uh Lehman uh you know I
remember trading uh repo during uh the
08 September08. It's the the month I
lost all my chess hair in in in one
month. Uh but it was fasc I mean that's
what I thought finance was like. Uh so
then you know later on I cut over to
convertible bonds and options. Uh then
the flash crash hit in 2010. Uh which
was by the way I'd never seen uh an
entire trading desk stand up within one
minute of everybody's like what's going
on? Uh so yeah I got to see a lot of of
Wall Street in in my 20s and 30s. It was
uh it was a definitely a formative time
of understanding uh you know kind of
what what made capital markets tick and
and and understanding and also
understanding the pitfalls the hubris of
finance that you know um
>> well that has to be the big takeaway
>> from 089 is that markets go up and down
and if you're leveraged exactly
>> it's a problem and if you're highly
leveraged it's usually pretty fatal.
Yeah, exactly. And um you know and
disasters are always clear in hindsight,
right? And you
>> you look back and you're looking at 20
30% default rates, you're like, why that
would that would have been so clear in
your mind when you started to look at
some of the data.
>> U and so that was really formative. And
the other component is is kind of like
what Warren Buffett says, you always
know who's not wearing pants when the
water goes out.
>> Yeah. When the tide goes out.
>> Yeah. Exactly. And so I always uh I'd
say think about hey if the tide goes out
make sure um the the money we manage for
our clients that we got pants on. Right.
>> Risk management turns out to be more
than just a phrase. It's really
important if you're running other
people's
>> Exactly. And it's something that you
live and breathe. And uh what I actually
uh uh you know a lot of our uh
investment products is to try to get our
clients to to understand that and you
utilize kind of a lot of the tools that
we build are basically pants like you
know when the water goes out make sure
that that you have something there
because of uncertainty
>> that's to say the very least. So so
let's talk a little bit about that. You
come out of this uh experience on a desk
through the financial crisis. You launch
vest in 2012. What was the motivator?
What led you to say, "Hey, I think we
could do this better."
>> Yeah. So, I had a very short stint at
ProShares where I met my co-founder,
Karan Sud. Um he worked on the
structuring desk at at Barclays and um
we talked about um you know like hey
let's start our own firm and then our
first idea was uh going to be uh you
know buffers like like like downside
protection uh that we saw in the
structure note market. And by the way,
this actually segueed into the mortgage
uh crisis because in 2008, the largest
issuer structure notes was Leman
Brothers,
>> right? Like you have a 100% protected uh
note and then now you're standing in
bankruptcy court. So uh that was a big
change in the industry. I think the
structure note industry went from 120
billion to 30 billion in in that time
frame from after the 2008 crisis. So
>> I'll tell you a funny story. I was a
market strategist at a brokerage firm
>> in uh 0203
and we got pitched a um downside
protected SMA
>> and uh I was just sitting in in a
conference room hearing this pitch. Uh
what are the qu any questions? And I
didn't ask the obvious question that I
thought which was well great the
NASDAQ's down 81%. Where were you five
years ago? Who needs this now? But the
question I asked and got got called into
the corporate council's office for was
uh hey what about counterparty risk? How
do we know that you guys going to be
there to to make the trade good? Sir
Lehman Brothers has been here for 189
years. It'll be here long after you're
gone. I'm like okay. No, it's an actual
risk that no one was even discussing. It
was just assumed. Uh, so it turned out
that um, you know, counterparty risk is
a real is a real thing.
>> Oh, yeah. It's a very real thing.
>> So, we're going to talk a little more
about Vest and buffer funds in a moment,
but I just want to get the timing right
and talk a little bit about your
experiences at Y Combinator. You
launched Vest with your co-founder in
2012.
Uh, you joined Y Combinator in 2015.
what what led you to saying, "Hey, let's
let's see if we can hook up with the
guys over at Y Combinator."
>> Yeah. So, that's the thing in finance is
there's not too much innovation, right?
Because there's a lot of uh regulation
and so on and so forth. And so, even at
our company, we we always even our
identity today is still, you know,
Silicon Valley meets Wall Street, right?
I always think that like in my mind if
um you know someone in Silicon Valley
were to come into our business they
could end up in jail, right? Uh or if
Wall Street ends up in uh in Silicon
Valley uh you know you you might be you
know just end up in a ditch because you
know run over for sure.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Because the end of the
day is you know we went four years with
no income.
>> Wow.
>> Right. like lived off our Wall Street
bonuses, me and my co-founder, Crown
Sue. Like we didn't get paid for, you
know, four plus years to found this
company. Like that's how much you have
to the grit and the belief in something.
And and that culture really really I
think comes out of uh kind of startup uh
kind of the Silicon Valley area. Y
Combinator um at the time uh
>> run by Paul Graham. Is it
>> uh Paul Graham at that was the first
year Paul Graham uh stepped down and Sam
Olman when I showed up got
>> was president of Y Combinator. So uh
>> 2015 I
>> 2015 yeah um Sam was
>> president of Y Combinator and for the
folks out there that don't know so YC
uh you know similar to like a college
application you you fill out an online
college application. You actually don't
need a company. they they help you form
uh the firm and uh you know the
companies that have come out of that
program you know Airbnb, Reddit,
Coinbase, Door Dash, uh Open AAI was
funded by YC Research. So all of that uh
all of those firms came out of uh YC. So
uh in fact I think I read a book called
the launchpad.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Which talks about YC the companies that
there I mean the first class of YC
included Sam Alman uh Justin Khan who
founded Twitch and Alexis O'han who
founded Reddit. And I think there was
like correct me nine companies. I mean
that's a all-star cast if you ask me for
absolutely uh for a class. Um and so it
was definitely some place that we wanted
to be around. There weren't a lot of
finance uh firms. In fact, uh Vest is
the largest asset manager to merge out
of YC. Uh so it was definitely something
to try something different um and really
in uh get into the Silicon Valley uh and
really push the innovation uh within
within finance. I don't know if this is
still the case, but a couple of years
ago, the standard deal was something
like half a million dollars for 7% of
the company plus a threemonth program of
building, iterating, pitching, etc. Is
that more or less sound right?
>> That's right. That's the deal today. Uh
our deal was probably close to 1/5if of
that.
>> Oh, really? Well, 10 years ago, a lot
has changed over the last
>> decade and and and they uh have done a
great job. I I I think they have
maintained uh their um I I I think the
stat was since 2012
>> 20% of the super unicorns
>> uh were funded by Y Combinator.
>> Wow, that's amazing.
>> And then like second place is like 3%
something plus or something like that.
>> And this is like a full-on boot camp
where it's three months and they are
really taking you through the process.
Here's how you build a startup. Here's
how you iterate. When you first joined
uh YC, did you have any idea what the
final product of Vest was going to be or
did that experience clarify where you
wanted to go?
>> There were certain um we went in with
the idea of buffers and downside
protection. Um there were start certain
pivots as far as like, hey, what's the
best delivery vehicle to start with?
>> Meaning an ETF as opposed to an SMA.
>> Exactly. Exactly. But that was the
foundational uh if you even look at our
application, our pitch, it was exactly
talking about the need for downside
protection. Uh the need to you know fix
liquidity and credit risk and other
types of instruments. Those were kind of
the foundational problems because YC
always says that like make something
that people want and then don't just
come up with the ideas. Start with the
problem
>> you're solving for specific problem
>> and the problem needs to be painful
enough. And so anybody out there that's
ever thinking about starting a startup,
always start with the problem first and
make sure the problem is painful enough
for your uh customer that that becomes
uh you know how you solve it can change
a little bit but the problem always
existed and and we thought that that was
a a noble problem to and and uh painful
enough problem to to seek. That's a very
customerfocused
approach to building a business. I don't
I don't know if Wall Street necessarily
thinks in those terms. There tends to be
an attitude of this is how it's been.
It's been successful. Why do you think
you're smarter than everybody else,
smarter than the market? Like that's a
sort of push back you've gotten. Um and
that you tend to get when you roll out a
different approach. Uh, how has the
experience been marrying the Wall Street
ethos where failure is abhorren
>> and the Silicon Valley um mindset which
is hey failure just gets you to the
solution. And it's just one more step.
>> And and that's what kind of the ethos of
our Silicon Valley meets Wall Street is
that we live in both worlds. Like our
background, me and Karans are Wall
Street backgrounds that uh that there is
no move fast and break things mentality
on our Wall Street ethos, right? It is
>> uh measure four times, cut once. This is
people's livelihoods, their their
wealth. Um, so that part we did not
adopt. Not like break things type
mentality. That is not
>> It's hard to do that when you're a
highly regulated industry.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Second is that we also
realized you can't do this alone. It's
not like we're starting an Airbnb where
we can just kind of do X Y and Z. We
needed partnerships. We needed uh like
coming back to the point of influence
like we needed people that really could
help us with innovation. Hence uh we
actually only have two investors. One is
Seibo Global Markets, the Chicago Board
option exchange, the largest option
exchange in the world.
>> Um, and First Trust, one of the largest
ETF providers here um, in the United
States that has been intricate in the
ability to shape and mold the industry.
Um, just like even with the exchange,
like
>> Wait, let me roll you back. You said you
only had two investors
>> now today.
>> Now today. All right. So let before we
get there, let's let's talk about the
the post Y combinator experience. So
they give you barely six figures for a
small chunk of the company.
>> They they uh take you through a a boot
camp. Yeah.
>> That teaches you all these different
things from focus on problem solving to
iteration
>> to pitching investors. Yeah.
>> Who were the early investors invest? Um,
so we had uh our lead coming out of Y
Combinator was First Round Capital. Uh,
people aren't familiar, that's the
company.
>> It's a great name if you're doing
venture investing.
>> Exactly. Uh, they were one of the first
investors in a small company called
Uber.
>> Um, and so that worked out okay.
>> Yeah. They got a lot of big wins uh
there. Um, and after that um, you know,
we had kind of a party round of a lot of
different like um, angels and other
other smaller VCs. Um, but after that,
that's when SIBO came in and and uh
wanted a a bigger stake of the firm. Um,
but the whole YC experience was very
much like the show Silicon Valley,
right?
>> Which I which I just loved. So great
>> and to the point where like when we got
to YC, we rented a hacker house. By the
way, the house that we rented was called
Hacker House
>> and it was a one-story building with
like three bedrooms, not enough bedrooms
for all of us. uh that were working
there. Uh I think Karan had to sleep on
the floor on a mattress for three
months. Um and by the way, this is
coming from being over a decade on Wall
Street. Like we're now sleeping on the
floor.
>> Hey, there's nothing to do but get this
done.
>> Exactly. And this is why I I say like
sometimes like if a former trader on
Wall Street ends up in Silicon Valley,
they may end up in a dish because like
you have to go four years no pay, sleep
on the floor. It's not fun. where you're
used to like wearing uh you know suits
and loafers uh on Park Avenue. It's a
big shock to the system. Uh but that's
the thing is like you know at the same
time it's to okay sleeping on the floor.
It's better than sleeping on the ground
when when you're in the military but
that that's the grit that you kind of go
through right
>> so so you have this experience with Y
Combinator. Uh any of that graduating
class with you you're still in touch
with who else were? Yeah. So, uh I'm not
sure if folks out there know GitLab of
course Sid was our our group. Uh my
>> no relationship to GitHub which
>> predates that by but yeah but GitLab was
our I think they IPOed on the NASDAQ uh
I think over five billion or something
like that.
>> Um they're doing really well. Uh there
was Equipment Share uh was also our our
batch. um a lot lot of lot of big
winners in in our and by the way you've
probably been to college where you go
into a lecture hall right and you have
your first day class the first day of YC
you know what they tell you they're like
you know 4% of you guys in this room
>> will be billionaires
>> right
>> uh you know
>> no intimidation factor
>> by the way that's the math right on
average it's a 4% I I think right now
it's like five to six% unicorn rate
>> but how many classes can you go through
that like you're like Hey, uh 4% of uh
four to 5% of you guys are going to have
extremely successful companies coming
out of this class. And by the way, you
look around, you're like, "Oh man, is
that really possible?" Uh and then you
you you blink 13 years later, you're
like, "Wow, it really did happen." Like
there there's incredibly uh successful
firms and uh incredibly successful
people. You look back and like even uh
now I look at my group partners. I I
look back my group partners were
incredible. I had Gary Tan who founded
Initial Eyes uh and also is now the
president CEO Y Cominator. Alexis O'han
founder of Reddit. Justin Khan founded
Twitch. Cap Melanac uh who was like an
allstar in in in marketing and PR. Like
I had an all-star group. Uh
>> yeah. No, it definitely definitely
sounds like it. We're talking about
winners, but Silicon Valley
>> wears losers like a badge of pride.
Yeah. like it's hey this is what's
expected which is very different than
the way the east coast tends to approach
things. Tell us about that not being
afraid to fail, not being afraid to try
things, iterate and take this doesn't
work, let's go with that. H how
different is that experience on the West
Coast than what you experienced on Wall
Street? Yeah, I mean
um definitely uh in Silicon Valley
failure is is okay. They they have a
saying if you're going to fail, fail
fast, right? Um whereas I feel like on
Wall Street is like you don't want to
fail fast. Like that's called a blowup,
right? Um so there there's some parts
given the industry that we're in, we had
to ignore some of the the the aspects of
it. Uh I think everything that we did I
wouldn't say was ultimate failure maybe
not the success that we wanted because
we wanted to make sure everything we
built were strong in foundation right it
would like last stand the test of time
no matter what happened
>> um maybe not wildly successful but then
that that's how you pivot so it's not
necessarily failure per se but not the
success you're looking for then pivot
and try to find other ways to deliver
and how to solve the problem better. Uh
but I I still think that the idea of of
not being afraid of failure and that
grit and the ability to uh you know pick
yourself up. It it's that attitude that
like you know this is not the end.
Failure is just the uh the mother of
success and you just have to keep uh uh
learning from those mistakes because
everything is a learning process. I
can't tell you one person that I know
that's successful that has not failed.
>> No, that makes perfect sense. you know,
you you don't know what's going to work.
Um, and you don't know what's not going
to work until you try. And if uh you
know, there the there's a story about,
hey, if you're not failing occasionally,
then you're just not taking enough risk.
>> Yeah.
>> Say to say the very least. All right.
So, so let's talk a little bit about how
this developed. You come out of Y
Combinator sometime in 2015. Um, when
did you first start taking client
assets, client money?
>> Uh, well, NYC we were taking client
assets. I think we launched our first uh
mutual fund in 2016. It was the first
buffer fund uh of of its kind. Um and
then
>> so wait let's stay with mutual funds
which have their own complications with
capital gains tax
>> given uh what you do primarily with
derivatives and options in order to
create that buffer h how does that play
out in a mutual fund wrapper? Yeah,
there are obviously challenges uh that
may not uh be as let's say the same as
uh like an ETF that you know in 2019
they introduced the ink kind. This is
also another example of uh the
partnership with SIBO.
>> It's it's been around for real estate
for forever it seems. That's right.
>> And it just took Wall Street a while to
catch up to that. Explain what inind
creation and redemption looks like and
what it means to you. So in mutual funds
there's a challenge in uh in some cases
uh that uh in if there's a redemption
you would sell your securities which
could uh have the potential to realize
gains um in ETFs and not just unique to
these uh ETFs or all ETFs uh they have
the ability to let's say in kind
securities so when someone wants their
money back instead of giving the market
maker selling securities and giving them
cash uh in some cases you can give them
securities thereby not uh potentially
realizing the gain for for the uh
shareholders. So it has the potential
for tax efficiency um by having income.
Now prior to 2019 October of 2019 uh
that was not uh we weren't able to do
that with options that was introduced in
October of 2019. So we launched our
first buffer ETFs in November of 2019 in
partnership uh with our partners at
First Trust. And so um that has been uh
one of the fastest growing areas not
just for our firm but um as the ETF
industry as a whole.
>> So so let's talk a little bit about what
a buffer fund does. What are the
advantages? What are you giving up in
order to obtain those advantages? What
what's the largest fund? What's the
largest ETF now um at Vest?
>> So the largest buffer fund and the one
at Vest is BUFFR. Um and it's built
Yeah. it's built on the foundation that
um uh you know the the kind of
fundamentals of uh the strategy is the
buffer strategy which is uh you know
let's say you get S&P exposure uh for
one year the first 10% is protected. So
um as an example strategy if S&P is down
10 you're flat for the year. Uh and then
you get upside up to let's say a
predetermined cap. So let's say S&P is
up 15 you're up 15. Uh, but the most you
can make is 15. So if S&P is up 16,
you're up 15, right? So you're capped
out at that 15.
>> So years like 23 and 24 kind of unusual.
You don't usually see 25% two years in a
row.
>> Um, but if you were in the fund in 22,
down 22% Yeah. means you're only down
12%. Is that right? That's right.
>> So that's the trade-off.
>> Yeah. And the and here's the thing is
that most people don't realize these
strategies have the potential to
outperform the market. Even if you're
talking about, you know, high double
digit equity returns because think about
this. In 2022, because of inflation,
when interest rates went up, stocks and
bonds both went down at the same time,
right? You could have mixed your stocks
and bonds any way you wanted in 2022.
>> 6040 was negative in 202.
>> And unless you were managing money 40
years ago, you had not experienced
inflation, right? And you couldn't hide
anywhere. I mean, you you were like Tom
Brady choosing between alimony and child
support while taking your kids to
jiu-jitsu practice, right? Like the the
thing is there was nowhere to hide,
right?
>> Um whereas if you were hedging, and the
great thing about hedging is if you buy
S&P and you buy an S&P put, that put is
perfectly negatively correlated to S&P.
It's like buying the inverse. It's the
opposite, right? Um, and so imagine if
you had a strategy that did not
participate in the majority of the draw
downs in 2022. That means you had more
to invest to take advantage of the gains
in 2023, 2024, and 2025. This is the
compounding effect of winning without
losing, right? It's the compounding
effect of playing offense and defense at
the same time. Because the end of the
day is a lot of times, uh, you know,
these types of strategies are not the
get-rich game. If you're 20 years old,
probably not the strategy for you.
>> But, you know, in in in our industry, a
lot of the people that have wealth,
they're in the stay rich game, right?
>> These types of strategies are in the
stay- rich game because if if you have
wealth, you just don't want to be poor,
right? So, that's why that's the kind of
crux of protecting uh your your equity
exposure. And the the idea is the issue
with hedging has always been that to
hedge with options and so on so forth.
one of the biggest and they had surveys
on why you know uh investors and
financial advisors don't hedge with
options and they all everybody said the
same two things compliance and
scalability
>> you know the compliance burden
associated with trading options and
scalability because when you buy a fund
you buy a stock you you could put in
your portfolio falsely for 30 years
maybe you b rebalance once a quarter you
buy an option every 30 days 60 days from
now you have to trade it by having it
inside a fund we can trade that for you
and so now you can asset allocate
rebalance once a quarter. It solves a
lot of those issues and and this is the
the thing that I find very interesting
is two things. Number one is is these
strategies have been around for over 30
years. The buffer structure note has
been around for years. Buffer annuities
I think were introduced in 2010. All we
did was cut the bank and insurance
company out. Instead of having the bank
or insurance company hedge themselves
with options and then issue you a policy
or issue you a no, we just said why not
just put the hedge in a fund and now you
own it. We cut the middleman out of the
middle.
>> The other component is to think about in
business that I I always look back. So
Richard, the professor at University of
Chicago won the Nobel Prize for
behavioral finance, right? Um
>> essentially created the field.
>> Yeah. The nudge. Um, and I believe one
of the studies, but by Cornell
University had this study of uh, I think
they had kids in the lunch line. They
gave them free apples. Like you get the
end of that, you get a free apple,
right? By the way, the consumption was
like less than like I don't know 20%.
Like it was a very low consumption rate.
No one took the apple. Then they cut the
apples up and they put them in little
bags. By the way, the consumption went
through the roof. Why? This was the
nudge. This was the idea that you make
it simple, people will use it. Think
about options as apples and then that we
had bagged those apples to make it
easier for the user to consume them
without the compliance and scalability
burden to them because theoretically any
broker or any financial adviser out
there can actually trade those
themselves. But that's like the same
thing like every child could sit there
and cut their own slice their own
apples, but they don't want to do that.
So, let me ask you because because
you've brought this up a few times and I
want to hone in on this. Um, is your
target consumer mom and pop main street
investors or are you focused more on uh
the advisor channel or brokerage channel
or or all three some combination? we are
not that focused in the retail space
mostly uh and and by the way uh I would
say 100% of our focus is in financial
professionals
>> really
>> um uh because that those are our
partners um those are our the the people
that we stand side by side with we build
products that those are the people uh
we're solving problems for them which
they're solving problems for their
clients we stand side by side with the
financial professionals and manage
uh uh you know the
>> and once you bring them up to speed,
it's it's incumbent on them to find the
clients that think are the right fit for
this and they get to explain that.
>> Exactly. Because every single client is
different and unique. We make products
across and every client is different and
how that that gets utilized. we we help
uh the financial adviser uh even you
know how to best build and achieve their
client's investment objectives um but as
far as like the end client that that's
typically not not our customer
>> so so I mentioned 6040 earlier does a
buffered fund act as a substitute for a
6040 in other words if you own whether
it's 6040 7030 you own bonds for income
of which there hasn't been a lot over
the past 15 20 years but also as a
non-correlated asset with equity other
than 81 and and 2022.
Um does this uh and it offsets the
volatility and draw downs in equities.
Do buffered funds behave similarly to a
6040? Is that the thinking?
>> I wouldn't say similarly. Let let me
give you a kind of a how how we think
about it. So if you look at let's say a
strategy of a 10% buffer on S&P in fact
you know there are indexes out there
that track these and if you compare that
to let's say um uh like a black rock
60/40 portfolio you actually notice the
standard deviation is almost identical
the volatility is very similar right
over the long term but the source of the
risk management is different right
you're actually hedging you're not
hoping that the correlation between
stocks and bonds the negative
correlation is there that you know when
my stocks go down I hope my bonds go up
kind of situation right
>> well historically they do most of the
time yeah
>> they didn't in 2022 they didn't in 1981
exactly you know so it it's every 40
years or so we seem to get this uh
>> or with uh inflation at you know 3% what
happens if inflation rears its head
again and rising you you'll end up with
the same issue the next time we see a
serious setup
>> and this is why we say Why not diversify
your risk management and hedge? So, if I
have a $100 portfolio and let's say I
have $60 in equity, $40 in fixed income,
and let's just say I take 10 bucks out.
I put six uh take six from equity, four
from fixed income, and I put it into
let's say a 10% buffer strategy in S&P.
Perhaps the standard deviation of the
portfolio could be very very similar.
But notice the source of your risk
management has changed. You've
introduced hedging
>> as the source of your risk management
without the compliance, without the uh
uh uh trading scalability issues of
options. You've introduced hedging as
the source of risk management if
inflation were to rear its head because
the thing is this is what everybody
needs to ask themselves. If inflation
were to come back, right, which is a
very it's not a it's a very there's a
nonzero possibility possibility way
above that. Yeah, exactly. What in your
portfolio is going to save you if 2022
repeats itself? That's the question
everybody needs to ask. I always get the
uh answer commodities. Great.
Commodities, it's a timing trade,
>> right?
>> You can get in, it'll work, but when
it's not inflationary, what happens to
that trade? I I mean, I'm
>> Let me point out that gold didn't do
great in 21 or 22. It's only in the past
few years where it's really exploded
higher.
>> That's right. That's right. So, um I'm
not smart enough to time that trade. And
that's the great thing about these types
of solutions is you don't have to time
the trade, right? Like, uh you're
diversifying your risk management
through just hedging. And like I said,
repeat it again. This is the stay rich
game, right? How do we protect wealth?
um not not like make exorbitant amounts
of it but protect wealth and and and get
a uh a decent return uh from from
people's wealth.
>> So Buffer is 10% hedged on the S&P 500.
Tell us about some of the other ETFs you
guys run. So one of the kind of overall
themes that we've seen in the market is
uh you know the two things that really
people are looking for is downside
protection but the other one is income
generation. As the boomers are in
retirement the need for yield has really
shown um how high it is. I mean if you
look at the derivative income space I
think in 2018 and morning star was
ranked 58th. last year was ranked ninth
in flows, right? People are looking for
income.
>> And as volatility goes up, just like
strategies like writing cover calls um
are extremely it's a another way to
derive yield by monetizing volatility in
different asset classes. You could do it
in gold, you can do it in Bitcoin, you
can do it in equities, you can do it in
fixed income. Um and that's the thing is
people were always thinking
one-dimensionally that like the
innovation is always about thinking
threedimensionally when everybody else
is thinking in two dimension right this
is why we have uh you know built
strategies to derive income from uh you
know not just equities but fixed income
but for uh from gold from bitcoin from
any asset class you can
>> so give us a few ETFs that are primarily
income focused. Yeah. So, one of our uh
biggest ones is uh uh K&NG uh which
tracks the dividend aristocrats. Um RDVI
which tracks the uh dividend achievers.
Um these all provide uh you know
attractive level yield. I think uh
>> so dividend aristocrats tend to be high
dividend low um price. They tend not to
be high PE companies. So they're fairly
stable. Is that is that
>> Yeah. So, the companies that have grown
their dividend, this was created by S&P
back in 2005. Companies that grown their
dividend for 25 consecutive years.
>> Wow.
>> And um these are dividend growers.
They're not dividend payers. So, they
typically, I believe, uh, you know,
yield less than 2%.
>> But they've grown their dividend for 25
consecutive years. So, for a company to
grow their dividend for 25 consecutive
years,
>> that's a stable business.
>> Yes. And it has to cash flow. It's not a
PE play, right? For for all intents and
purposes, it it is uh companies that
have to have strong moes. And the other
thing that people miss is good corporate
governance because who makes dividend
policy? The board.
>> For a board to never cut a dividend for
25 years, it actually was a filter for
good corporate governance. Now,
>> and that stock symbol is that ETF symbol
is
>> K&G.
>> KNG.
>> Yeah.
>> And and you guys generate additional
income on that with
>> uh covered call writing.
>> That's right. So if it's a 2% yield,
what do you actually
uh our distribution yields probably uh
in the past year uh over 8%.
>> Really? That's a big number.
>> And we're on average, I believe,
covering around 20% of every single
name. So you know, if I have a 100
shares of Walmart, I'm writing an at the
money call on let's say 20 of those
shares as an example, uh to achieve that
target income. So uh one of the things
that core beliefs that we have when
writing um cover calls is like one of
the biggest drivers is stock selection.
You pick good stocks, you get good
results, right? While you know the
aristocrats, they don't have the
high-flying mag seven names, right?
>> Uh but definitely as you look forward
into the windshield, these are really
going to be the names as the market
bruns out, right? Like I really do think
in the next year you're really looking
at kind of a barbell approach where you
you have the NVIDIA and the um uh and
the high uh hyperscalers in your
portfolio, but you really need to have
the strong staples that cash flow. Um
especially
>> what what are some of the names in K&NG?
>> Uh well, you got like Chevron, Walmart,
like your really blue chip names uh that
are there. I mean, look at Chevron. they
they have the potential to be, you know,
one of the beneficiaries of uh oil in
Venezuela, right? Like they were they
were there before. Um and these are the
cash flowing like creme uh like
companies that like like I said grown
their dividend for 25 consecutive years.
These are strong strong names that are
out there.
>> Do do you do anything with fixed income
on the yield side as well?
>> Yeah. So um we have uh cover calls on
high yield tracking HY gives you also I
believe a double digit distribution
yield
>> uh only covering about you know 20 to
25% of the portfolio so you're still
getting over you know on a weekly basis
>> and what's that ETF symbol
>> uh HYTI Heidi
>> yeah and uh
>> and what about commod do you do anything
on the commodity side
>> so we have gold uh I IGLD So, you know,
biggest knock on gold has been a hunk of
metal since your portfolio doesn't do
anything. Now, you can monetize the
volatility and have uh you know,
potentially uh
>> same process, covered call, writing.
>> Exactly.
>> So, it this is why SIBO is a partner
with you guys. How does that
relationship help you manage all of this
option writing, all this um call
>> activity? That's a great question. So,
let's takeold as an example, right?
Prior to that fund, GLD options stopped
trading at four o'clock.
>> By the way, this is one of the reasons
why SIBO partnered with us is how do we
solve certain issues in the option
market for the construction of of funds,
right? Um, if options stop trading at
4:00 and I need to know the close, I
can't create an ETF on that, right? S
S&P options, spy options, they trade,
they close at 415. Today, GLD options
stopped trading at 4:15. By the way,
that's a really cool statement to say
that the entire street trades GLD
options that extra 15 minutes because we
wanted that.
>> That's great.
>> Um, but that's
>> because you have you have to take the
closing price at four and then use it
for an
>> we need that we need that option market
to be open that extra 15 minutes. And by
the way, that that those products uh by
First Trust Invest are are the reason
why we have an extra 15 minutes to trade
GLD options. So if you're you're late
and you're trading at 405
um that that's us and option trading is
so much more complicated, so much more
difficult
>> like you. I started on an equity desk
but have always been a little bit of a
an option junkie because it's so
fascinating. Um, and most people use
don't use options correctly. They're
just making like a lottery ticket bet,
which uh tends not to be smart. You guys
are using options for a very specific
purpose to achieve what you describe as
a defined outcome.
>> Solving a problem.
>> Really interesting. Yeah.
>> Um, before I get to my favorite
questions, I wanted to ask
>> any So, we've covered stocks, bonds,
commodities. You mentioned crypto. What
what are you doing in terms of crypto
and generating additional um defined
outcome results uh using derivatives?
>> Yeah. So um we have a uh strategy also
target income uh almost I believe about
a 18 19% yield and you're still only
covering about 20%.
>> Um so that strategy uh tracks Bitcoin.
So you can get on a weekly basis, let's
say, you know, 70 80% of the upside in
Bitcoin and then a, you know, really
high almost 20% yield. Um, by monetizing
the volatility. It's the same thing
because like just like gold, some of the
knock is is that it just sits in my
portfolio, doesn't do anything, and the
value
>> Well, no one could say that about
Bitcoin. It's always doing something
going up and going down. Yeah, exactly.
>> And what's the ETF symbol for that?
>> Uh, IBIT.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Um, I'm sorry. I'm I'm sorry. Not IBIT.
That's black. That's right. Yeah. Yeah.
Defi. DF DFI. That's right.
>> DF III. And so that's
>> uh options. How much of the upside? How
much of the downside do you get and give
up or is it just geared?
>> We're just writing cover calls on to
target uh you know a specific yield. I
like I said I think anywhere from we're
covering every week about 20 to 25% and
at the money.
>> How often do those roll?
>> Every week.
>> Every Friday. Yeah. The reason why we
like weeklies um is that uh when you
sell a call, you want the premium to go
to zero. Right. That's right.
>> And that uh decay accelerates in that
last week if you're selling a monthly
option. So if you like do it four times
a a month, you you have the potential to
generate more yield because you're
always capturing that extra decay. It's
like it's like football tickets, right?
Like you ever go on StubHub like game
time's at 1:00 um and you you you go on
StubHub at 12 the ticket starts to drop
like a rock. Imagine if you kept
tracking that and you you made money off
that that that drop, right? Um and
everything kind of follows that that in
fact there's actually only one thing
that doesn't follow that. You know what
that is?
>> Go on.
>> Giants tickets. They decay before the
season starts.
>> Well um as a guy who used to be in New
Jersey for sure. um
>> or Jets tickets. Actually, both of those
are an anomaly. They
>> So really, so in other words, bad assets
don't generate good option returns. That
that's pretty reasonable. Um how often
do things get called away? That's
obviously the risk when you're writing
calls.
>> Uh h how do you manage around that?
>> How frequently is that built into your
models?
>> I mean, that can happen pretty
frequently. But here's the deal. Like
like think about this and this is just a
concept of of of of
let's say I collect a $2 premium
>> and the stock goes up $1.
>> Mhm. You're good.
>> Yeah. I made a a dollar but it still got
called away but I still made a dollar. I
just buy the stock back or however
however way I deal with the assignment
depending on the the strategy. So the
idea is as long as the stock doesn't go
above the premium if I'm writing out the
money or what what I've actually
>> it gives you a buffer to repurchase the
stock not at a loss.
>> Exactly. And and this comes into what we
call about the implied versus realized
premium. meaning options um if I look
historically of a particular asset
whether it be a stock or a commodity or
whatever and it it historically moves X
I'm not going to sell the premium at
that number
>> right it's got plus right just like when
you sell car insurance like if my
expected loss is $1,000 I'm not going to
sell the premium for a th000 I'm going
to sell it for $1,200 to make 200 right
that extra little bit right so in
options they have what's called the
implied versus realized premium. And so
that's really kind of uh where you're
trying to uh capture is is the implied
volatility versus what the realized
volatility and you're hoping that the
implied will be greater than the
realized. I mean that's the hope in
options especially when you're selling
them. All right. Um I think there's a
stat that like you know 60% or 70% of
the time u the person selling the option
uh wins the trade. Right.
>> Right. Most, you know, old option
traders don't die. They just expire
worthless is the old desk joke. But, you
know, if you're a writer of options,
you're making a very specific bet. And
if you're a purchase of options, you're
making a very different bet.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you see this uh, you
know, in some cases of buying options,
like you said, it it it can, you know,
even Warren Buffett said they could be
weapons of mass destruction. I mean, you
could see these zero day options that
people are buying.
>> Yeah. That's become crazy.
>> I mean, those are like scratchoff
lottery tickets. Right. Right. Who's
buying them? I don't know. The kid in
his mom basement popping his pimples
eating mayonnaise sandwiches. I don't
know.
>> At one point in time, I imagine that
there were market makers that had a
hedge that for reasons that were
complicated. They were stuck with
overnight positions, like I almost
understand that, but the day traders
playing with these, this is
>> FanDuels and DraftKing. Pure speculative
nonsense.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Okay. So that's why we
don't have anything in that space but it
is uh um something to look at from afar.
>> Huh. Really really fascinating stuff.
Last question before I jump to my
favorite questions. So you're constantly
thinking about how do we hedge this
position? How do we create a buffer? How
do we define a specific outcome for
clients? What do you think the average
investor isn't thinking about relative
to that approach, but but perhaps should
be? What what do you think most people
are kind of missing or not paying enough
attention to? Um and and it could be a
geography, it could be a policy,
whatever. But you you're obviously
thinking about a lot of things
differently than the typical index
purchaser. What are we missing?
Yeah, I think you know while we've had a
tremendous amount of growth in in kind
of the option space of downside
protection and and the income generation
part I think a lot of the market is
still
um I think thinking two dimensionally in
stocks and bonds right like instead of
just uh diversifying across think about
you could still diversify but think
about other ways to shape your return
right or uh thinking about income
generation out of the equity portfolio
think about income generation or
boosting yield in your fixed income part
of it. Uh and then also uh thinking
about risk management beyond
diversification there while there is a
lot of uh good part of the financial
professional space that is picking up on
this. I still don't think like we're
just tip of the iceberg at this point.
Right? That's on one one standpoint. I
think people are are still missing. The
second um I think is uh the I think one
of the biggest drivers of the market
today and no one would disagree is AI
right sure however that's not the part
that people are are are missing that
>> you know having been uh through the
2000s I really feel like this is like
1999 2000 like think about the stocks
that were big then right like you had
>> Juniper Networks Metromedia Fiber right
>> like I remember you guys remember Price
Line
>> Global crossing. Well, you know, a lot
of these companies
>> have been either absorbed into other
companies and still Priceel Line,
Expedia, there's a through line there.
How is Pets.com not Chewy today? So,
some of them were just a little early.
>> Exactly. So, let me ask you, who won
that trade? Facebook, Google,
Amazon,
>> Apple, Microsoft.
>> A lot of those companies were private or
startups then.
>> Google,
>> right? Like think about that. And I
think that's the same like history
doesn't repeat itself, it rhymes. I
actually think a lot of the kind of the
uh hugely successful companies from AI
are in startup mode. They're at Y
Commentary error that 90% of the uh uh
uh almost 80 90% of the companies at YC
are AIdriven. They have I've seen an
article recently their month over month
average for the batch is double digits
meaning their revenue is growing over
10% month uh
>> month or or in some cases week over
week.
>> That's unbelievable. I I said um to
someone the other day someone said who's
going to de dethrone Nvidia? And I said
the founder of that company hasn't
graduated high school yet but he's
coming or she's coming. It's not. It's
not impossible. All right, let's let's
jump to our favorite questions that we
ask all of our guests. Starting with who
are your mentors who helped shape your
career?
>> Oh, that's a great question. Um, I would
actually uh have to say my brother.
>> Really?
>> Yes. Um, and uh,
>> in what way?
>> My I have an older brother. He's four
years older than me.
>> Um,
>> he's the overachiever. I'm the
underachiever of the family.
>> Okay.
>> Uh so, uh my brother, I remember growing
up, he was like the uh he was good at
math and science. I would literally show
up to class and they'd be like, "Oh,
you're Bill Chang's brother. You must be
smart." By the way, you know what that
does to you as like a lot of pressure.
Yeah. A lot of pressure.
>> Um so he went on uh he worked at Apple
and then uh was at Tesla. Um I think he
was chief architect of the Dojo um um uh
Dojo project. If PE folks that aren't u
uh familiar with Dojo, it's the AI
system at Tesla that coded the
self-driving,
>> right? Um he uh recently and in fact
Bloomberg wrote an article about uh his
firm density AI that uh
>> I think they are one of the the first
companies to really uh kind of take on
um because the dojo I think system is
one of the one of the more efficient
ways that can take on Nvidia for the
chip. So that's why it's funny that you
said like hey the person that's going to
dethrone Nvidia may may not may still be
in high school. I was like yeah he might
just be four years older than me
>> right. Um
>> or he could be uh deep into the process
already.
>> Yeah. So um uh they recently um uh like
I said like Bloomberg just wrote an
article about them uh on density and he
he has been extremely like a lot of
times people ask like hey did you work
that hard because your parents were you
know like tiger parents. No actually I
was just chasing my brother the whole
time.
>> It was definitely a different dynamic.
Um and uh yeah I couldn't be more proud
of him. Uh, and uh, a lot of times
people are like, "Hey, what what tea are
the Changens drinking?" Um, because
we're uh, but we get along great while
we're uh, competitive. We we support
each other, but he's been
>> You're in different fields, so the
competition stops.
>> Exactly. He's in engineering. Uh, I'm in
financial. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
>> So, similar similar background. Let's
talk about books. What are some of your
favorites? What are you reading right
now?
>> Yeah. Well, I said Liars Poker was a
very influential one. Yeah.
um
>> just had its 30th anniversary I think
last year.
>> I like uh I thought was really uh good
for me was the book influence by Robert
Cheldani.
>> Fantastic.
>> It was a great book. Uh the kind of
along with that how to win friends and
influence people. I think those are
great. Uh I actually in finance one of
my first ones was uh the intelligent
investor by uh Ben Graham.
>> Yeah, Ben Graham. Those are kind of
cornerstones.
>> Yeah, that that's a great list. Yeah.
Um, I know you are on planes a lot.
Yeah. When you're not reading, what what
are you streaming? What's keeping you
entertained on these long cross-country
flights? Either podcasts or Netflix or
whatever.
>> I do listen to uh uh podcasts, a masters
in business.
However, um there's a new thing that I I
I've been doing. Actually, it's not a
book. All right. And it it it'll
probably be hit everybody differently on
on what I'm doing here. Okay.
>> And I could tell you I got this from a
good friend of mine. Um and he's going
to kill me for saying this. So uh um I'm
a friend of mine and his name Matt
Bellamy. He's a lead singer in Amuse.
>> Okay.
>> Um and he he actually taught me this so
I can't take credit for this. We go into
chat GBT and he actually sent me the
prompt and we prompt chat GBT tell me in
the last two weeks what you have learned
that is beyond human comprehension
something along those lines.
>> How fascinating.
>> And by the way it spits out all this
stuff. U because if you think about it
humans like we as a human you could get
a PhD in biology you get a PhD in
astrophysicist you get PhD in chemistry
but like you're the expert in their
field. But think about this that like
chat GBT passed the bar exam in like I
don't know like a couple weeks right
>> so it's becoming experts in everything
and then it's combining all of those
things together so how many like PhDs
and chemistry astrophysicists do you
have that like have like the expert in
everything and then what comes out like
you tend to learn so many things that
like by the way it turns into this
rabbit hole and I noticed that my prompt
actually because I always tell it to me
like explain it to me like I'm 16 so
I've been driving into this other thing
of uh it's been teached me about quantum
entanglement. Are you familiar with
this?
>> Of course.
>> Well, like
>> who isn't familiar with spooky action at
a distance? I mean, they teach that in
middle school.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, the the quantum
entanglement of that you have two
protons that you know if you do one to
X, Y will do the same. It's just like
having two dice. If dice on Earth, by
the way, they've proven this. Like, if
you roll the the the dice on Earth, it
rolls a six, it'll definitely roll a
six. And it's not bound by space and
time. So, basically, it could be light
years away. You roll that dice, it rolls
an eight, this one in Earth is going to
roll an eight. And so, then they sort of
combine that with is that part of human
consciousness that is your consciousness
quantum entangled is what makes you you.
By the way, this type of like thinking
>> there's there's a related topic and I
haven't run this through chat GBT but I
should um which is the concept of
emergence intelligence emergence as the
natural outcome of the universe. Why
does the universe exist if not to create
a conscious intelligence?
Although the flip side of that is
>> um life is fairly common throughout the
universe. hydrogen, carbon, oxygen,
nitrogen,
>> but advanced technological life
>> so far at least appears to be
exceedingly rare. So that's the
counterbalance of uh of emergence.
Totally.
>> But um
>> and then the other thing that I found
recently that people can dig into, I
think this is fascinating,
>> is that
your head experiences time different
than your feet from the proximity of
gravity's. Well, certainly we have to
adjust GPS for the for the relative
relativity GPS which Einstein turned out
to be right about that.
>> Exactly. So,
>> but the difference between your head and
feet
>> Oh, yes.
>> is so tiny. Unless
>> you're falling into a black hole and
then spaghettification is is the
problem.
>> Yeah. So then you take quantum
entanglement
>> uh
>> and you then say okay if I have a proton
here and a proton elsewhere and the
light in the how that proton experiences
time through entanglement versus how
time bends with gravity
>> by the way all of this just keeps going
deeper and deeper and deeper and then
and then the thing is is that I keep
telling it to explain it to me like I'm
16 now my entire prompt explains
everything I will explain it to you as
if you're 16 years old.
>> So the the issue I occasionally run into
with perplexity or or chat pt is
>> it tends to
confform its output to you. Yes.
>> And sometimes I'll ask a question and
it's like no I don't want a list of 10
podcast questions. I just tell me about
Jeff Chang and what led to vest. Don't
give me a podcast. I I I have my own
questions.
>> That's why I use multiple gro
everything. That way I get a a whole
plethora. And then what ends up
happening is you get all this new stuff
and then you dig deep into whatever
topic. And I found that so fascinating
because uh I just it's curiosity. It's
like
>> if you're interested in these sorts of
things. Absolutely.
>> And and by
>> you have to be on guard for the
occasional hallucination. And every now
and then I find myself leaving
um AI to go to just traditional search
and say, "Hey, show me a source for
this." Is is this Yeah.
>> I I don't think before AI, I don't think
people were skeptical enough about
>> the sources of what they consumed. With
AI, you really have to
>> know what is real and what is fake.
People People miss that. All right, our
final two questions. Um, what sort of
advice would you give to a recent
college grad interested in a career in
asset management? Um, or or or G or ETFs
specifically.
>> Yeah, I think a recent college grad I
think similar to kind of bringing it
full circle, same thing like develop the
skills that you know you're not beholden
to anybody, right? Um, whatever that is.
uh whether you're in college or out of
college like develop those skills uh
that you can actually that they're
portable one to the other. Uh and then
not be afraid of failure. Um take
chances. Uh now this is not for
everybody I would say you know meaning
not everybody is going to be a founder.
Uh not everybody's going to be an
entrepreneur which I by the way I find
as two different people. Mhm.
>> Founder has the creativity. An
entrepreneur has the grit and influence.
Uh a founder has to have the creativity
because you're you're actually
introducing a whole new industry or a
whole new thing that somebody else has
not seen yet, right?
>> Um but that's the thing. And then also
keep your eye out for painful problems
that you have the skill set to solve. So
a obtain those skill sets and then have
your eyes out eyes peeled throughout
life. Write them down. Look for pain
points.
>> Look for pain points. Look for problems.
And then the sec the last thing is just
a personal thing is don't take yourself
too seriously, right? Have fun with
life. Um and and I think that that that
is uh because otherwise all this stuff
can create massive amounts of burnout.
>> And our final question, what do you know
about the world of buffered funds,
investing, ETFs today might have been
helpful 15, 20 years ago when you were
first getting started?
um how hard it would have been, right?
Like uh literally
>> would that have discouraged you from
launching or
>> Yes, I think that was actually the
superpower, right? Like when you climb a
mountain and you don't know how high it
is and there's a cloud base, if you saw
it on a clear view, it probably wouldn't
be if you told me to quit my job and I
wouldn't get paid for four plus years, I
probably wouldn't have done that.
>> But then it's like always success is
always around the corner. At least you
dream of it, right? Um, everybody sees
what you are now. They don't see the
pain where you're constantly just
waiting for that cloud to clear on the
next part of the mountain because I I
could tell you this that like if if if
you saw how big the mountain is, it
would be nobody would do it.
>> Really, really interesting.
>> Thank you, Jeff, for being so generous
with your time. We have been speaking
with Jeff Chang, co-founder and
president of Vest. If you enjoy this
conversation, well, check out any of the
600 we've done over the past 12 years.
You can find those at iTunes, Spotify,
YouTube, Bloomberg, wherever you get
your favorite podcasts. I would be
remiss if I didn't thank the Croc staff
that helps put these conversations
together each week. Alexis Noriega is my
video producer. Shan Russo is my
researcher. Anna Luke is my podcast
producer. I'm Barry Rhaltz. You've been
listening to Masters in Business on
Bloomberg Radio.